Two Copters Collide in the Deadliest Incident of the Iraq War
WABC-TV - 2 hours ago
(Mosul-WABC, November 16, 2003) Seventeen soldiers were killed when their Black Hawk helicopters collided in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul. Soldiers are still busy clearing the rubble at the two crash sites. This incident is ...
US probing cause of mid-air chopper crash CTV
US probes Black Hawk crash in Mosul CNN

Bush Says US is Committed to Work in Iraq
Voice of America - 10 minutes ago
US President George Bush tells British television says the United States is committed to its work in Iraq.
Bremer: Impasse led to new Iraqi plan CNN
Bush Mourns Iraq Copter Crash Victims San Jose Mercury News

Bush to keep distance from protests on London trip
Forbes - 5 hours ago
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Bush, who leaves Tuesday for a state visit to Britain where he is deeply unpopular, may hear few of the shouts of anti-war protesters who will pour into London's streets to vent anger at his policies.
Feel Free to Protest, Bush Tells War Critics The Scotsman
Bush reaps widening 'war on terror' retaliation New Zealand Herald

Davis' political legacy goes far beyond recall
Chicago Tribune - 1 hour ago
LOS ANGELES -- Gov. Gray Davis' political legacy likely will be forever marred by the tumultuous 2003 recall vote that spawned 135 candidates and ushered into office a body builder/actor turned political novice named Arnold ...
Analysis: Curtain up on Arnold as governor United Press International
Audit assesses budget shortfall, reveals little new San Diego Union Tribune

Bush: US Will Not Cut and Run in Iraq
FOX News - 2 hours ago
WASHINGTON The United States will not cut and run in Iraq despite the accelerated timetable for ending the military occupation and handing back political power to the Iraqis, President Bush said in an interview that aired Sunday in Great Britain.
Money on the table from a powerful new player in US politics Sydney Morning Herald
Bush Visit Spurs Protests Against US in Europe New York Times

La. Taps Democrat As First Woman Governor
ABC News - 5 hours ago
LAFAYETTE, La. Nov. 16 For the first time in its history, Louisiana is getting a female governor. Democratic Lt. Gov. Kathleen Blanco defeated conservative Indian-American Bobby Jindal with 52 percent of the vote in a runoff election Saturday, dashing ...
India crestfallen at Jindal's defeat Newindpress
Relatives cancel party after Indian American loses Louisiana governor's race MSNBC
